Oh, yes. Correct. (***)
Oh, so he brought the entire team to Worlds.
sophomore, junior, senior year? That's crazy
Ohw!
I don't know what
When you saw what?
Ohw!
Is it Shaw? Wait, who? Shaw? Oh, you?
Thanks!
Wait you guys went pretty far this year? Haaan? You guys went pretty far this year, right?
Oh! so but no, you guys had wildcard this year, but they didn't have wildcard last year.
I see..
I see, I see.
so...
So..was it...so last year they made regionals.
Did the year previously, did they qualify at all?
So what?
I see I see.
Yeah, because there's nobody else working on it besides you.
Because there's nobody else working on it besides you.
Which has all been what?
Oh my god!
I see, I see.
But then didn't you guys get like 49th out of 49 in?
That's why what?
Oh, Oh! I see
That's odd. No, but that's crazy because you guys got
Was it in Spiral Ward during Wild Card?
Oh, I see, I see.
Dude, I feel like that club is literally just tearing...
Like tearing friendships
Next year
Two years
I'll be your senior. So I'll also let you know.
Same grade...Oh.. Why am I um...
Do I give like Boyan age or do I give Erica age?
Oh, okay. That's fair.
Thank you. Ahhh
yeah no but it's crazy when i hear that like
That they had that like don't have it together, you know what I mean?
because when I see them in class specifically
(***) its like..wow like ...she is like..
like she's always on top of her stuff like i have English with her and like
Her projects are always super good, like her slides are always very well designed.
and like like we have like the memory of projecting
Like, which is really good, too. And I feel like I just put, like, their effort, like...
Whatever it's going to be (***)
Oh, I see ..I see
Ahhh
Haaa?
Because it's only digital portfolio that she cooks on.